Go that way. Didn’t you mention that Jin Su designer before?
Is this one of your personal looks?
That’s right! Zhang Xinqiao.
What is the income during the period when the certificate is transferred? It’s him too!
I've seen how your Jin Su's manuscript turned into his design.
I designed him. I put it on my desk.
I don’t know why I went to shoot a story two days ago.
Let's go! Don't listen to this nonsense.
The gold sketch was designed by me.
Mr. Guo. I always thought that I would deal with you during the transfer period.
And I've always wanted you to be my personal stylist.
Appearance is harmless.
In fact, behind the scenes.
He's just a guy who hooks up with good men.
In winter, everyone, don’t learn to touch people with your mouth.
Learn to touch people verbally
I think you were attracted by me
Then I admit my mistake, right?
I have evidence
Everything I said was really bad
What kind of person is he even?
I know clearly in my heart
Precaution, let’s do what I want when I go out. Is it true or false?
I know all the scandalous things about me
Do it today
I will send the true sentences to the group tomorrow
let everyone know
What kind of person are you?
I've never done it
Why do you have to admit it?
Since you said you have this kind of group
But just take it out and let me see it